Bring clarity to PWA manifest requirements needed to use getInstalledRelatedApps (#40658)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/progressive_web_apps/manifest/reference/related_applications/index.md

{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The `related_applications` manifest member is used to specify one or more applications that are related to your web application. These can include native applications and even to self-define the web application to leverage web APIs.

Reviewer: I was having a bit of trouble parsing this section, so here is a suggestion. Let me know if this helps:

```suggestion
The `related_applications` manifest member is used to specify one or more applications that are related to your web application, such as platform-specific applications (also known as native applications) or installed Progressive Web Apps.
```

> It can also be used with the [`prefer_related_applications`](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Manifest/Reference/prefer_related_applications) manifest member, which indicates a preference for installing either a related native application or your web application.

Reviewer: "It" can be confusing at times. Better to repeat what we're really talking about (I know you didn't change this in your PR, so this is a drive-by suggestion).

```suggestion
The `related_applications` manifest member can also be used with the [`prefer_related_applications`](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Manifest/Reference/prefer_related_applications) manifest member, which indicates a preference for installing either a related native application or your web application.
```

Author: Accepted this suggestion with the most recent commit.

> The `related_applications` manifest member can also be used with the [`prefer_related_applications`](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Manifest/Reference/prefer_related_applications) manifest member, which indicates a preference for installing either a related native application or your web application.

Author: Correct, one example would be the Outlook Native App and the Outlook PWA. For use of the webapp flavor the expectation is that it more or less the app itself. getInstalledRelatedApps for PWAs, which uses the webapp related_applications flavor, must be requested on the same domain, and within the scope of your PWA.

    "url": "https://www.amazon.com/product/dp/B000XA1000"
  }
]

> /* Self-defining web application on one platform specified only by id */

Reviewer: Not sure if better, but I thought it needed a little bit more explanation of what we mean by "self-defining". Feel free to reject/change.

```suggestion
/* Related web application specified by id, self-defined by its own web app manifest. */
```

Author: Accepted this suggestion with the most recent commit.

"related_applications": [
  {
    "platform": "webapp",
    "id": "com.example.app1"
  }
]
```

### Values

- `related_applications`
  - : An array of objects, each representing a platform-specific application related to the web app. Each object must include a `platform` property and at least one of either a `url` or an `id` (or both).
    - `platform`
      - : A string that identifies the platform on which the application can be found.

>         Examples include `amazon` (Amazon App Store), `play` (Google Play Store), `windows` (Windows Store), and `webapp` (self-define your PWA in its own manifest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Examples include `amazon` (Amazon App Store), `play` (Google Play Store), `windows` (Windows Store), and `webapp` (for installed Progressive Web Apps).
```

Author: Accepted this suggestion with the most recent commit.

>         Examples include `amazon` (Amazon App Store), `play` (Google Play Store), `windows` (Windows Store), and `webapp` (for installed Progressive Web Apps).

Author: @wbamberg This is a slight reference to the web app being installed as a PWA, but I agree that "installed" in this case is misleading. Will make an update to generalize to only Progressive Web Apps

## Description

> A "related application" is the web app itself or {{Glossary("native")}} application that provides functionality similar to your web app, often with additional features or better integration with users' devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "related application" is the web app itself, when installed as a Progressive Web App (PWA), or a {{Glossary("native")}} application that provides functionality similar to your web app, often with additional features or better integration with users' devices.
```

}
```

### Specifying a related web application

> This example shows how to specify the self-defining entry for PWAs in your web app's manifest file.

Reviewer: I felt like this need a few more words to clarify the intent.

```suggestion
If your web app can be installed as a Progressive Web App (PWA) on the device, for example to take advantage of features which integrate your PWA into the operating system, you can self-reference your web app in the manifest file:
```

- [`prefer_related_applications`](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Manifest/Reference/prefer_related_applications) manifest member
- [The web app manifest](/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Guides/Making_PWAs_installable#the_web_app_manifest) for making your web app installable

> - {{domxref("Navigator.getInstalledRelatedApps()")}} for checking if your web app is installed. This requires specification of the unique `id` field in this manifest member.

Author: Correct, I see the disconnect. I was refreaming around getInstalledRelatedApps for PWAs as that was top of my mind. Will update the description. Great catch!
